Yo momma is so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing
Yo momma is so fat when she got on the scale it said, "I need your weight not your phone number."
Yo momma's so fat and old when God said, "Let there be light," he asked your mother to move out of the way.
Yo momma's so fat, that when she fell, no one was laughing but the ground was cracking up.
Yo momma is so stupid when an intruder broke into her house, she ran downstairs, dialed 9-1-1 on the microwave, and couldn't find the "CALL" button.
Your momma is so ugly she made One Direction go another direction.
Yo mamma's so stupid, she got locked in a motorcycle.
Yo momma's so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii Fit.
Yo momma is so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Your momma's so ugly, when she goes into a strip club, they pay her to keep her clothes on.
I bet Hila can only tolerate your retarded bullshit because she barely understands english
I thought roasting a couple Jews went out of style like 80 years ago
Name says you do gay porn. Face says you do child porn.
Your fame went away quicker than your hairline.
The only reason you got invited to the presidential debate was so the pro-life conservatives could show America what an abortion looks like
Your fifteen minutes of fame only happened because you looked like a weird, fatass strawberry with glasses and a pedophile mustache. You may have been undecided about the election, but millions of Americans would be undecided about you babysitting their twelve year old kid.
I liked you a lot more when I didn't know what you looked like
I thought your parents would be disappointed at seeing their son become an artist, but now that I've seen what you look like I think they were disappointed when they first saw you
Your face says ISIS but, your shirt says Forever 21
Obviously you're someone who likes to blow
I know deep down u are curious how I could feel lol I love touching ur legs when ur near me ur sexy . . . I had a dream about u it was so real lol.\
I wanna make u cumm like u never had is that a bad thing I know ul love it
I'm all for this hiring women thing, but not if it's going to cost me three of my men every time you can't do something.
women belong at home cleaning floors.
Just woke up from a dream. I had you on your belly and took you from behind. You came multiple times.
I would of definitly made you blush I was acrazy mood you would of defintly had alot of fun. I was going to record a video and send it to you but I wasn't sure how much you liked the last one you asked for. Did you like the last one?
You Jewish gals get hot for guys with beards, don't you?
[Your boyfriend's] lil dick please don't make me touch myself thinking bou u lol at least feel me close.
I wanna take you in the stairwell on the low wat u say . . . I know ul love it. meet me there i wanna touch u already
Wow. And I thought I was the only one still having wet dreams.
This story needs to go viral so they have no choice but to fire this cocksucker!

